Ah, this is me
Changyun, you are in trouble
This is really the ancient law of Kunlun
The texture is at least a thousand years old.
A peerless treasure
That's not possible.
A soft-footed man like Xiao Wuji who relies on women to rise to the top
How can there be such a precious thing?
Did you read it wrong?
I respect your jade life
Never looked wrong
Master Zhao
How do you think I will compensate you?
The current situation in your home
Even if you can afford it, you'll have to go bankrupt
Did you just give the bracelet to grandma?
Then this is my Zhao family's stuff, right?
Why should I lose money if I smash my own stuff?
You are so shameless
The face of the Zhao family has been completely lost by you.
Ah grandma
Ah grandma doctor
Dead
Madam Zhao is in a hurry to attack
In addition, the body is inherently weak
Oh, I'm afraid
Grandma, you're gonna be okay
Grandma Xiao Wuji
It's all you who make trouble
This is the case for Mrs. Changyun everywhere
There must be a good or bad
I'm not done with you